hello and on today we will be looking at
something new new for some and maybe not
that new for others but we have today
the original Thomas and Glen alright
these are relatively new Trackmasters
haven't been able to get them done until
now but we've got them now alright so
here we are and we're gonna give you a
glimpse into what is about to become the
new adventure
ok so these are from the adventure
begins DVD which most of you have seen
by now probably ok and we have one
engine and that engines name is Thomas
the original Thomas ok and the story
that goes along with him you you've seen
it most likely on the DVD already if not
this on the adventure begins and it
talks about Thomas and how he got to be
on to Sir Topham Hatt's railway and how
he got to be the number one engine and
how he got to be blue okay so they are
proposing that he was green and this is
the lbs C from the old station or
railway he used to work at prior to
coming to the land of Sodor okay now go
in this inch
little bit different okay so this engine
was I think originally a number of the
number one hitch is what I believe
believe I have seen that from the DVD
and then he eventually he got I don't
know
he got replaced or he just got not
useful but we'll see a more subtle we
watching the DVD to date at some time so
we will know with you guys all right and
these are the only two that are in this
line right here and it says on the back
it says featured in the DVD movie
Thomason plans the adventure begins
Glenn is a friendly engine that Thomas
encountered during his earliest days on
the Island of Sodor before he became the
number one blue engine cool alright so
this says the same thing featured and
the DVD movie Thomason plans the
adventure begins to so see how Thomas
looked when he first arrived on the
Island of Sodor before Artie became the
number one balloon okay so watch the DVD
have a great time and